Realised a stupid but serious mistake.
I've been reading the multiplexer the way that's dependent on the cpu clock.
As, I was setting the multiplexer input pin and the cooresponding MUX every cycle.
That produced a hack a lot of problem when integrating the Multiplexer into the now working Multi-Mux ADC reading system.
I gotta find a way to sync setting the multiplexer pin with the MUX.
F
What can I say.
I'll copy some quite useful information here
```
// Register    : DMA_CH0_AL2_WRITE_ADDR_TRIG
// Description : Alias for channel 0 WRITE_ADDR register
//               This is a trigger register (0xc). Writing a nonzero value will
//               reload the channel counter and start the channel.
#define DMA_CH0_AL2_WRITE_ADDR_TRIG_OFFSET _u(0x0000002c)
#define DMA_CH0_AL2_WRITE_ADDR_TRIG_BITS   _u(0xffffffff)
#define DMA_CH0_AL2_WRITE_ADDR_TRIG_RESET  "-"
#define DMA_CH0_AL2_WRITE_ADDR_TRIG_MSB    _u(31)
#define DMA_CH0_AL2_WRITE_ADDR_TRIG_LSB    _u(0)
#define DMA_CH0_AL2_WRITE_ADDR_TRIG_ACCESS "RW"
```


Didn't realise I'd use stepwise refinement here.
Guess that's funny considering we just had it in the last exam.

1. FIFO filled up to 4, triggers DREQ_ADC
2. DREQ_ADC triggers gpio_chan to transfers current item stored in (gpio_ptr + Offset) to sio_hw->gpio_set
3. gpio_chan chains to ctrl_chan.
4. ctrl_chan paces by DREQ_FORCE which immediately resets and triggers sample_chan0 by setting its write_addr_trig
5. sample_chan0: FROM fifo TO sample_array OF 8 TIMES, which clears the fifo.
6. sample_chan chains to gpio_chan which waits for another DREQ_ADC flag to raise.

However, Offset of gpio_mask_ptr is never cleared. This would, I believe, require another DMA channel to be involved.
But, how? The reset of gpio_mask_ptr needs to happen every 16 of the above cycle. That's not freaking synced.


Tried to get it working. However, I still need some understanding of how gpio pins are put and how can I use DMA channels to manipulate GPIOs. I came upon a stuff called `gpio_togl` which I believe will become handy later. Or, maybe I should look up some online tutorial.

